From the below list, which, if any, of these tools can be used to obscure identity?
War dialer 
Proxy Server
Anonymizer 

As Database Manager for a local company, Mick has a lot of responsibilities. He decides to set up remote control software on his work machine so that he will be able to login from home or otherwise. After installing the connection, he connects a modem to an otherwise-unused fax line. With no authentication to enable him to set a password for a host connection to the remote connection, Mick’s remote connection will be accessible to for anyone to connect to his host system. Which of the below attacks can be performed on Mick’s remote connection?

War dialing

Which of the below is a passive, non-direct information-gathering tool? 
Whois

While running an Nmap scan for filtered ports, you send an ACK flag and receive a RST packet for open and closed ports. What kind of Nmap scan did you run ?

TCP ACK scan -sA

Q: Which of the below Nmap commands is used to perform a UDP port scan?
nmap -sU

Which Nmap switch would you use to retrieve as many different protocols as possible that are being used by a remote host?
nmap -sO

Which of the below represents the type of packet inspection used by a firewall when scanning the DMZ interface on a firewall Nmap reports that port 80 is unfiltered? 
stateless

Which of the below Nmap switches can be utilized to perform TCP/IP stack fingerprinting?
nmap -O -p

Which of the below kinds of machines do security teams often use for attracting potential intruders?
Honeypot

Phil needs to procure information related to a server with an IP address range that is within the IP address range that is used in Brazil. There are many registries available online for discovering the details of web server IP addresses, or reverse Domain Name Service (DNS) lookup. Which of the below registries will be most useful to him?
LACNIC

In order to determine the end-time for DNS cache poisoning, which of the below DNS records should you examine?
SOA

You need to obtain the default security report from Nessus. Which of the below Google search queries could you use?
filetype:pdf "Assessment Report" nessus

Nessus is a proprietary vulnerability scanner utilized by many organizations. Which of the below is a technique used by vulnerability scanners?
Analyzing service responses

Which of the below ways could be used to defeat a multi-level security solution?
leak data via a covert channel 

IPSec offers which of the below?
non-repudiation

The use of alert thresholding in an intrusion detection system (IDS) can reduce the repeated alerts. However, it will introduce one of the below vulnerabilities. Which one?
The IDS not distinguish among packets originating from different sources 

Ian must analyze the results of an internal vulnerability scan to be run on website hosting servers. The code is written in Java and his team lead wants to it for buffer overflow vulnerabilities using the SAINT scanning tool. Why should Ian discourage his team lead from this avenue?

(Java is not vulnerable to buffer overflow attacks)
Because Java uses a sandbox to isolate code, it is not vulnerable to buffer overflow attacks. Most web, application servers and web application environments are actually susceptible to buffer overflows. However, environments written in interpreted languages such as Java or Python are a notable exception. They are immune to these attacks (except for overflows within an Interpreter).

How can an attacker discover what rules have been set up on a specific gateway?

Firewalking (attraveso hping2 può scoprire le regole dello specifico gateway )

Which of the below statements are true about N-tier architecture?
Each layer must be able to function on a physically independent system 
Each layer should exvhange information only with layers above and below it 

War dialers are used to scan thousands of phone numbers to detect any modems that have vulnerabilities. This provides an attacker with unauthorized access to a target computer. Which of the below utilities would work for war dialing?
ToneLoc
THC-Scan

TCP FIN viene utilizzato per gli scan dei pacchetti RST 

The attacker works through a spoofed IP address to send a SYN packet to a target. Which of the below methods did the attacker choose?
IDLE

A company blocked all ports through an external firewall and will only allow port 80/443 to connect. You want to use FTP to connect to a remote server online. How will you get around the firewall?
HTTPort
BackStealth

Which of the below attacks uses a pre-calculated hash table, a structure that maps keys to values, to retrieve plain text passwords?
Rainbow attack

Scott is a professional Ethical Hacker and is responsible for security testing of a company’s website. He realizes that UDP port 137 of the company’s web server is open. Assuming that the Network Administrator of the company did not modify the default port values of any services, which of the below services will be found to be running on UDP 137?
NetBIOS

Masquerading (attempting to impersonate a person or another machine), providing false information, or denying the existence of a transaction or event is classified as which of the below forms of attack?
repudiation attack 

Which of the following statements are true about SNMPv1 and SNMPv3 enumeration?
b. Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is a TCP/IP standard protocol used to monitor and manage hosts, routers, and other devices within a network.

c. SNMP enumeration involves gathering information about host, routers, devices etc. with the help of SNMP.

d. Implementing Access control list filtering to allow only access to the read-write community from approved stations or subnets can be an effective countermeasure against unauthorized SNMP enumeration.

The IP Network Browser will scan a specific IP subnet and displays the devices that are actively responding on that subnet. It will then query the devices that responded through SNMP. Which of the below ports would be used by IP Network Browser to scan devices with SNMP enabled?
161

Because SNMP is not generally audited it can pose a significant threat, particularly if it has not been configured properly. Attackers are likely aware that SNMP can be used for account and device enumeration. SNMP has two passwords to access and adjust the configuration of the SNMP agent from a management station: the read-only community string and the read-write community string. Which of the below tools/utilities would be useful for SNMP enumeration?
SNMP Util 

What risk could be posed by having an open port 25 on a server?
Active mail relay 

In which of the below attacks will an attacker use packet sniffing to access and analyze network traffic between two parties, thereby stealing the session cookie?

Session sidejacking ( an attacker will perform packet sniffing to access and analyze network traffic between two parties in an attempt to rip off the session cookie. Many websites use SSL encryption for their login pages to prevent attackers from viewing the password, but for the remainder of the session do not use any encryption)

Which of the below methods of information discovery is used by governmental authorities and the police?
Wiretapping 

Aaron’s server is Linux-based, and he wants to use a tool to filter packets by MAC address and TCP header flags. One of the below tools will work for this task. Which one?
IPTables

Which of the below tools can be used to hide secret data within a text file?
Snow.exe

How can a covert channel be utilized (select all that apply)?
a. To transfer files between the hacker’s system and a target system, or from the target system to the hacker’s machine.

b. To execute/launch applications and processes on the target system.

c. To avail the hacker of an interactive, remote control from the hacker’s machine to the target machine.

Which of the below netstat command parameters would display all active TCP connections as well as the TCP and UDP ports in a listening state?
-a

A hacker wishes to use a netbus Trojan on the Windows program, chess.exe. He will use his program to break into the target machine. Which of the below tools should he choose to do this?
Wrapper 

MAC duplicating (attacco di duplicazione dei MAC Address) 

shoulder surfing passare da uno all'altro kekw

An attacker transmits a spoofed TCP SYN packet utilizing the IP addresses of a target for both the source field and the destination field. What type of attack did the attacker perform?
Land attack 

Which of the below constitute methods that could be used to protect against session hijacking?
Regenerating a session id after the user has successfully logged in
Encrypting any and all data transmitted between the parties, especially the session key.

d. Alter the session cookie’s value with each request.

Ron is trying to implement key countermeasures to protect a web application against the most common attacks carried out on web applications. Which of the below represents a basic code check that will protect against the entries of malicious users?
Input validation

You work for a financial company. Your security department is requiring developers to shield their applications from SQL injections. Client supplied data must never be able to alter the syntax of any SQL statements. All application-required SQL statements need to be maintained within stored procedures on a database server. However, your company is concerned about the uptick in attack frequency and wants to know whether further defensive security scanning tools would be appropriate. You reply in the affirmative, and suggest one of the below tools. What would you recommend?
Acunetix 

An executive in Mallory’s company has complaints about odd behavior on her PDA. After investigation, Mallory determines that a trusted device is copying data off of the executive’s PDA. The executive admits that the strange behavior began shortly after she accepted an e-business card from an unknown individual. What kind of attack does this represent?
Bluesnarfing

Which of the below protocols is used for properly functioning Internet Relay Chat (IRC) sessions?
TCP

What netcat command could you use to capture a password file?
nc -l -u -p 1111 < /etc/passwd

icmp attack : smurf attack 